docs/reports/4-19-23.md, before:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**: High-level schema is in development in collaboration with Lee, researched and identified viable deployment packager (Tauri) that suits database needs and how our potential DBMA (MariaDB) can integrate with Tauri and our frontend 
- **What worked**: Progress made on schema layout; our deployment package needs were solved quite readily with Tauri as research showed its compatibilty and information on integration between front-end, back-end, and packaging
- **What you learned**: Becoming more familiar with our potential packages and the packaging of deployables; became more familiar with data and its organization needs in Pathfinder 2e
- **Issues**: Relying on Lee for game detail towards data management needs; discussion helped clarify some of our data architecure needs while opening new questions re: customizability of input, etc. More discussion needed
- **Plans for the following week**: Develop the ER Diagram with Lee's input on data management needs and structuring, finalize packages used for data management and retrieval, develop coding guidelines for my back-end components, expand living document

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**: created testing tasks for the scrum board to keep myself on track, installed testing tools to the repo
- **What worked**: Github interface very intuitive, so it saved me a lot of time in tracking things
- **What you learned**: I have a better understanding of the timeline of the project thanks to going through each week's deliverables
- **Issues**: one question: how should I approach the pull requests? Create local branch and publish then PR?
- **Plans for the following week**: plan testing interface and style guidelines for frontend, backend, dice, etc., figure out CI tools to use

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Created the starting framework for the UI, and nested it inside an executable (Tauri), documentation was updated at multiple points.
- **What worked**: We have a downloadable app! I have not yet released a build (will do that at Alpha)
- **What you learned**: I learned all about tauri, we had to reframe froma  docker package to the executable option.
- **Issues**: Not much, had a couple of codsing issues here and there, to be expected as a junior dev.
- **Plans for the following week**: Next week has some more needed documentation to focus on, including possible coordination with back-end team. Going to build out the ER Diagram with backend to ensure high-level schema exsists, and rubber duck possible UI issues in the process. Hopefully all components are built, so we can start HCI testing to prevent future user error.

![Screenshot](../assets/pathkitexe.png)

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**:
- **Progress and issues**:
- **Plans and goals for the following week**:
- **Responsible team members**:

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.

Commit message:

Added the notes manually to avoid merge issues

docs/reports/4-19-23.md, after:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**: High-level schema is in development in collaboration with Lee, researched and identified viable deployment packager (Tauri) that suits database needs and how our potential DBMA (MariaDB) can integrate with Tauri and our frontend 
- **What worked**: Progress made on schema layout; our deployment package needs were solved quite readily with Tauri as research showed its compatibilty and information on integration between front-end, back-end, and packaging
- **What you learned**: Becoming more familiar with our potential packages and the packaging of deployables; became more familiar with data and its organization needs in Pathfinder 2e
- **Issues**: Relying on Lee for game detail towards data management needs; discussion helped clarify some of our data architecure needs while opening new questions re: customizability of input, etc. More discussion needed
- **Plans for the following week**: Develop the ER Diagram with Lee's input on data management needs and structuring, finalize packages used for data management and retrieval, develop coding guidelines for my back-end components, expand living document

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**: created testing tasks for the scrum board to keep myself on track, installed testing tools to the repo
- **What worked**: Github interface very intuitive, so it saved me a lot of time in tracking things
- **What you learned**: I have a better understanding of the timeline of the project thanks to going through each week's deliverables
- **Issues**: one question: how should I approach the pull requests? Create local branch and publish then PR?
- **Plans for the following week**: plan testing interface and style guidelines for frontend, backend, dice, etc., figure out CI tools to use

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Created the starting framework for the UI, and nested it inside an executable (Tauri), documentation was updated at multiple points.
- **What worked**: We have a downloadable app! I have not yet released a build (will do that at Alpha)
- **What you learned**: I learned all about tauri, we had to reframe froma  docker package to the executable option.
- **Issues**: Not much, had a couple of codsing issues here and there, to be expected as a junior dev.
- **Plans for the following week**: Next week has some more needed documentation to focus on, including possible coordination with back-end team. Going to build out the ER Diagram with backend to ensure high-level schema exsists, and rubber duck possible UI issues in the process. Hopefully all components are built, so we can start HCI testing to prevent future user error.

![Screenshot](../assets/pathkitexe.png)

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**:
1. Turning in the living doc (Luke)
2. Adjust for feedback from Apollo (Lee)
3. Make template for meeting note issues (Kevin)
4. Create repo (already done)
5. Create top level readme (already done)
6. Create issues (already done)
7. Bookmark repo to slack (already done)
8. Decide architectures (all of us)
9. Create schedule for your role (all of us)
10. Focus heavily on research and planning (all of us)
11. Review git conflict resolution. Linked on scrum board
12. Update wiki as you go
13. Meeting to prototpye early plans for the dice roller
- **Progress and issues**:
1. Created scheules and SCRUM board items for everyone
2. Decided on and installed tools to the repository
3. Working skeleton prototype
- **Plans and goals for the following week**:
1. Develop ER diagram (Chris, Lee)
2. Document packages in living doc (Chris, Jacob)
3. Writing the three new sections in living doc: software architecture, coding guidelines, software design
4. Risk assessment (all)
- **Responsible team members**:

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.
