docs/reports/4-26-23.md, before:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Documentation updates to Wiki and Living Doc for clear instruction, risk assesments, and continued front end dev work for our prototype, which now has color themes, accesibility features, and funtional menus. Instantiated a temporary online deployment of pathkit and built a HCI prototyping survey for user feedback since our target demographic will be outside the class audience.
- **What worked**: hooks, dear lord, so many hooks. Local storage is fully built now, so much of our database already exists in the front end space. it alos prevented the clogged up props which I had originally built from being all over the app, instead we use the store for data at a high level. Also messasing other devs on github! we have a few things built in that I needed advice on, so i messaged the open scource devs of those directly for feedback.
- **What you learned**: I spent a lot of time learning about directory structures and how to properly sort my code base. This is massive, much larger than my previous projects, and so organization was complex and important to the app's ability to get future collaboration.
- **Issues**: development spped is so fast I could clean up the code quite a bit. I also did not prioritize stuff like commenting my code which would really help in the future due to dev speed. I hop this can be cleaned up for final release.
- **Plans for the following week**: get HCI feedback on the prototype, Create entity objects and forms that actually work, rather then the current false form object that exists. clean up code as I go and begin adding commentary while the SQL database is spun up.

![Screenshot](../assets/pathkitWebSample.png)

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**:
- **Progress and issues**:
- **Plans and goals for the following week**:
- **Responsible team members**:

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.

Commit message:

added test and mysql plug ins

docs/reports/4-26-23.md, after:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**: researched CI, and got vitest onto the repo, with the first passing test (placeholder)
- **What worked**: lots of helpful documentation on the web with all these testing tools. Despite the complexity, it seems to have lots of intuitive features.
- **What you learned**: lots of CI research into GH actions, how testing is done with react apps
- **Issues**: I had trouble motivating myself to write documetation this week, so today will be a scramble to finish my deliverables, but that's on me. I have a better plan this week to keep myself on track.
- **Plans for the following week**: this week will have lots of documentation writing and test planning. Also need to meet with various sub-groups of the team to make sure testing covers everything it needs to

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Documentation updates to Wiki and Living Doc for clear instruction, risk assesments, and continued front end dev work for our prototype, which now has color themes, accesibility features, and funtional menus. Instantiated a temporary online deployment of pathkit and built a HCI prototyping survey for user feedback since our target demographic will be outside the class audience.
- **What worked**: hooks, dear lord, so many hooks. Local storage is fully built now, so much of our database already exists in the front end space. it alos prevented the clogged up props which I had originally built from being all over the app, instead we use the store for data at a high level. Also messasing other devs on github! we have a few things built in that I needed advice on, so i messaged the open scource devs of those directly for feedback.
- **What you learned**: I spent a lot of time learning about directory structures and how to properly sort my code base. This is massive, much larger than my previous projects, and so organization was complex and important to the app's ability to get future collaboration.
- **Issues**: development spped is so fast I could clean up the code quite a bit. I also did not prioritize stuff like commenting my code which would really help in the future due to dev speed. I hop this can be cleaned up for final release.
- **Plans for the following week**: get HCI feedback on the prototype, Create entity objects and forms that actually work, rather then the current false form object that exists. clean up code as I go and begin adding commentary while the SQL database is spun up.

![Screenshot](../assets/pathkitWebSample.png)

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**:
- **Progress and issues**:
- **Plans and goals for the following week**:
- **Responsible team members**:

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.
