docs/reports/5-17-23.md, before:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Built all entity forms(except spells, marked as a disabled tab), paths now works with the sqlite db, created many new components to help user experience such as collapsible headers, tabs, and filtered content.
- **What worked**: The database structure is reliable and took minimal changes at this point. Formik is a useful tool for form instantiation and worked well with my existing store.
- **What you learned**: I learned a lot regarding data schemas which had to be translated for the form and for pathbuilder imports. I learned ways to store images as test which was cool.
- **Issues**: I tried to basically build something like Formik on my own at first. This was a terrible idea and failed miserably. I'm so glad these complex packages already exist with full testing supports.
- **Plans for the following week**: I will be finishing out the spells form, but also I will be working to finish out the search bar and ideally debug the error that does not allow us to load dice at the moment.

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**: FORMS! We wanted to ensure that everyone had done a recent release in the github history, everyone worked hard in different ways on the project and we had to be flexible as code proved to be a varied skill set even though we had a strong team that contributed a lot. Our wiki was already updated, thanks to team efforts, which made some of the goals this week more simple. We practiced code review, and everyone was able to help a bit.

- **Progress and issues**: Lee took on most of the code work for this project, there was just a lot of lack of familiarity with react and rust that really slowed the team down. Kevin got the dice roller to work, but ultimately we had to comment it out as there was an app breaking bug when it loaded for a new user. We plan to debug next week. We ran out of time to implement search.

- **Plans and goals for the following week**: Next week we will focus on the peer reviews, we will try to debug these main error points as well so that final release week can focus on repairing any bugs the users find on beta.

- **Responsible team members**: All! as usual :D

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.

Commit message:

Added Luke report 5/16
Just another report

docs/reports/5-17-23.md, after:

# Weekly Status Report

## Team Report

### Agenda for Project Meeting

- Review progress and issues from the past week
- Discuss individual contributions and updates
- Outline plans and goals for the following week
- Address any concerns or roadblocks

## Contributions of Individual Team Members

### [Individual team members should include the following]

- **Progress**: Briefly describe what you accomplished during the past week.
- **What worked**: Highlight any successes or positive outcomes.
- **What you learned**: Share any new insights or lessons learned.
- **Issues**: Mention any challenges or roadblocks faced.
- **Plans for the following week**: Outline your tasks and goals for the upcoming week, including any unfinished tasks from the previous week and estimated time for completion.

### [Chris Bendix]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Jacob Anderson]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Kevin Zhang]

- **Progress**:
- **What worked**:
- **What you learned**:
- **Issues**:
- **Plans for the following week**:

### [Lee Janzen]

- **Progress**: Built all entity forms(except spells, marked as a disabled tab), paths now works with the sqlite db, created many new components to help user experience such as collapsible headers, tabs, and filtered content.
- **What worked**: The database structure is reliable and took minimal changes at this point. Formik is a useful tool for form instantiation and worked well with my existing store.
- **What you learned**: I learned a lot regarding data schemas which had to be translated for the form and for pathbuilder imports. I learned ways to store images as test which was cool.
- **Issues**: I tried to basically build something like Formik on my own at first. This was a terrible idea and failed miserably. I'm so glad these complex packages already exist with full testing supports.
- **Plans for the following week**: I will be finishing out the spells form, but also I will be working to finish out the search bar and ideally debug the error that does not allow us to load dice at the moment.

### [Luke Evans]

- **Progress**: Tweaked colors and design related to colors for the 4 themes wherever there were issues/inconsistencies with them beforehand. E.g. adding hover properties to buttons and making sure foreground text had proper contrast with background colors so all the themes are accessible, especially the high contrast themes. Designed two versions of a PathKit logo from scratch, one with a sigil-like boundary and one that focuses on the design in the middle, a wand casting magic. Both of these tasks sound much less time-consuming than they ended up being, learned a lot about digital design and working with React. Implemented the logo for tauri to generate the needed versions of it and added to the beginner box tutorial walkthrough for new GMs.
- **What worked**: Figma proved to be the most familiar tool for me to use, but I also used photopea for some operations/drawings. Youtube tutorials. Having a sketch from the start helped me focus on what to do next for the logo piece by piece. Using the inspect element tool to deduce how colors were being implemented in the UI. Writing out beginner box items in a doc for group collabing before focusing on implementing them.
- **What you learned**: If I better organized the colors and been more descriptive in how they should be used from the start, it probably would have saved a lot of time debugging when making sure that one color tweak there doesn't break a color balance elsewhere. I learned how types and variants worked to make buttons behave a certain way. Learned how original shapes can be made in digital design, how to warp text, and gained experience in iconography. Learned how to implement a logo in a tauri project. Perfectly lining things up isn't worth wasting time on as long as it looks good to the naked eye. Having perfectionistic ideas/high expectations of the logo in my head made it more difficult to work on.
- **Issues**: Could not properly bend/warp the squiggly line at the bottom of the large icon, so settled for adding a couple more shapes to fulfill the balance of the sigil. Spent much time debugging issues with my local repo and lost the ability to see a local build of the app.
- **Plans for the following week**: Add more tip menu items. My current repo doesn't produce a dev build, which was crucial when I was fixing up the colors earlier this milestone. I need to fix that. I'll also start preliminary work on the next PathKit demo. If I have extra time, I'll help front-end and can further improve the logo design.

## Team Report

- **Goals from last week**: FORMS! We wanted to ensure that everyone had done a recent release in the github history, everyone worked hard in different ways on the project and we had to be flexible as code proved to be a varied skill set even though we had a strong team that contributed a lot. Our wiki was already updated, thanks to team efforts, which made some of the goals this week more simple. We practiced code review, and everyone was able to help a bit.

- **Progress and issues**: Lee took on most of the code work for this project, there was just a lot of lack of familiarity with react and rust that really slowed the team down. Kevin got the dice roller to work, but ultimately we had to comment it out as there was an app breaking bug when it loaded for a new user. We plan to debug next week. We ran out of time to implement search.

- **Plans and goals for the following week**: Next week we will focus on the peer reviews, we will try to debug these main error points as well so that final release week can focus on repairing any bugs the users find on beta.

- **Responsible team members**: All! as usual :D

Note: Please update the template with specific details related to your project and team dynamics. Use this template as a starting point for your weekly status reports to keep your team and staff informed about your progress and plan for the upcoming week.
